welcome to tarla dalal's kitchen i chef
file today we'll be showing you a recipe
named baked stuffed capsicum
this recipe has capsicums
which is stuffed with a brown rice
risotto filling it is very high
appealing and appetizing and great to
serve for parties for this we need red
capsicum soap and cooked brown rice milk
grated cheese fresh cream butter finely
chopped garlic finely chopped celery
freshly ground pepper powder salt and
chilli flakes we will start making this
recipe by first making the stuffing for
that we will heat butter first will
allow it to melt our butter has been
melted now we will add the chopped
garlic
and we sought it for 30 seconds garlic
is one of the main ingredients in this
recipe it gives a very nice flavour to
the stuffing now we will add brown rice
y'all have used brown rice but you can
also use white rice is the same
procedure but the brown rice takes a
little longer to cook than the regular
rice and this saute them you can also
use arborio rice now we will eyes milk
and we will cook again two to three
minutes then we'll add the chopped
celery and we'll mix again now we like
fresh cream as I said it's a very creamy
stuffing then weíll add grated cheese
and we mix well and cook it for 1 to 2
minutes as you can see our stuffing is
getting thicker now we'll add a little
salt to taste again we like little less
salt as we've already added cheese and
some pepper powder and we mix well and
cook for one to two minutes
it's nice and thick now
a stuffing is now ready now we will cut
the capsicums into half I've used red
capsicum you can use any coloured
capsicum and we will remove the seeds
understand
as you can see now it's nice and hollow
without any seeds in the same way we
will also do the remaining capsicum our
capsicums have been cut and deseeded now
we will stuff them but before we stuff
them we will lightly grease it with
butter
and then we will sprinkle a little salt
so that they do not taste very bland and
now we will put our prepared filling
see it has to be nice and thick
it's really creamy if you want you can
add some chili flakes in the stuffing as
well now we will sprinkle grated cheese
visit it very creamy and cheesy
now we will grease a baking tray
and we will place a stuffed capsicum
and we'll bake in a preheated oven at
180 degree Celsius for eight to ten
minutes our big stuffed capsicum has
been baked and is now ready we will
sprinkle a little chili flakes or chilli
sauce as you wish I am going to sprinkle
little chili flakes
so it's a nice red white and red layer
that we have formed now we will solve
this
serve this to your guests hot and see
how they will enjoy this unusual recipe
big stuffed capsicum
up coke very simple recipe Cassie lucky
our chili the like it or up comedy
loosely the sepia chill again stop yah
clickety ra ha ok suggestions or
comments the robbery charge a fee